README.md, before:

# Collection of my ASCII arts

This repository holds ASCII arts made by me.

Those ASCII arts are licensed under the license below, except [fanarts](./fanarts) dir
For licenses of [fanarts](fanarts), please refer to `fanarts/*/LICENSE.md`

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.

---

このレポジトリにあるASCII Artは[fanarts](fanarts)以下の作品を除き、以下のライセンスの元に提供されています。
fanartsのライセンスについては`fanarts/*/LICENSE.md`を参考してください。


<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/"><img alt="クリエイティブ・コモンズ・ライセンス" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />この 作品 は <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/">クリエイティブ・コモンズ 表示 - 非営利 - 継承 4.0 国際 ライセンス</a>の下に提供されています。

Commit message:

Docs: Add: note for shgif

README.md, after:

# Collection of my ASCII arts

This repository holds ASCII arts made by me.

# about Shgif animation

Some directories contains directory named `shgif`. This is for animation.
If you have `stack` for `haskell`, do

```sh
$ stack run
```

and animation will start.

note: Only [Tomari mari's Shgif](./fanarts/tomari-mari) won't work as it uses old format

# LICENSE

Those ASCII arts are licensed under the license below, except [fanarts](./fanarts) dir
For licenses of [fanarts](fanarts), please refer to `fanarts/*/LICENSE.md`

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.

---

# Shgifアニメーションについて

いくつかのディレクトリには`shgif`というディレクトリがあります。これはアニメーション用のディレクトリです。
`haskell`の`stack`をインストールしてある状態で

```sh
$ stack run
```

するとアニメーションを再生できます。

注意 : 例外として現状では[兎鞠まりちゃんのShgif](./fanarts/tomari-mari)は古いフォーマットを使用しているため動きません。

# ライセンス

このレポジトリにあるASCII Artは[fanarts](fanarts)以下の作品を除き、以下のライセンスの元に提供されています。
fanartsのライセンスについては`fanarts/*/LICENSE.md`を参考してください。

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/"><img alt="クリエイティブ・コモンズ・ライセンス" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />この 作品 は <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/">クリエイティブ・コモンズ 表示 - 非営利 - 継承 4.0 国際 ライセンス</a>の下に提供されています。
